**Goal of the Day:** Go through Obsidian and make sure the lab notebook is set up properly, and all links and other things are working. If there is time: go over the provided material for the project Brownian Motion and Smoke Chains, and take notes as necessary.

**Brownian Motion:** The random motion of particles suspended in a medium. 

**Material 1:** Improving the quantification of Brownian motion
	-Measure Brownian Motion by observing microscopic particles in a solution
	-Undergraduate level experiment
	-Named after botanist Robert Brown when he described movement for pollen in 1828
	-Einstein theorized that particles undergoing Brownian motion can be explained by molecular-kinetic theory
	-There are large error values in the experiments that can be explained from several sources  

**Boltzmann's Constant:** The average kinetic energy particles in a gas with the temperature of the gas. Equal to the gas constant divided by the Avogadro constant. 
$1.380649 * 10^-23$
Joules per Kelvin 

**Material 2:** Measuring Boltzmann’s constant using video microscopy of Brownian motion
	-Automated  computer based video microscopy is used to obtain an estimate of Boltzmann's constant 


**Material 3:** An economical smoke chamber and light-sheet microscope system for experiments in fluid dynamics and electrostatics
	-Provides system that allows microscopic study of aerosol particles that illustrate multiple concepts
	

**Summary:** All the pdfs of the three research paper were successfully added to the correct folder. My lab notebook was been setup in an organized way that I like. Took notes on all the research papers to get a basis for our future experiment.