**Goal of the Day:** Get our experimental setup working. First starting with building the clear box, our smoke chamber.

**Smoke Chamber:** We are cutting the acrylic pieces in 6cm squares to make a 6 cm cube. We are making 2 of the 6 tiles a 7x6 cm rectangle to cover the gaps when we put the cube together. Today we measured out and traced the square on the tiles, but have yet to cut them out. We may use a bandsaw or a mill.

**Smoke Jar:** We received a jar today which we are going to use to combust the magnesium strips in. We cut out 2 holes in the top of the lid which we will feed to 2 wires in from. These wires will connect to alligator clips which we be connected to a thin nichrome wire. This wire will coil around the magnesium strip, and when we run DC current through it, the wire will heat up and ignite the magnesium.

Some problems:
- The original nichrome wire we used was too thick, this didn't allow it to heat up enough to cause a fire
- We had trouble after we replaced the wire with a thinner one. The coil around the magnesium was touching itself so the current didn't go around the coil. We fixed this by adjusting the coil so it didn't touch itself anywhere. 

We got the magnesium to ignite and fill the jar with smoke. The next step was to collect this smoke with a syringe. The way that worked best for this was putting the syringe attachment through one of the holes for the wires, then we placed the syringe on top of the attachment and pulled out smoke will the magnesium was lit. This worked as expected.